knowledge-base/Getting started with SeMI/management-brief.md, before:

---
layout: article
title: Management brief
description: Why is SeMI a great tool to enrich your current business offerings? In this primer you will learn why SeMI is so valuable for your business.
topic: Getting started with SeMI
author: MV
relating-articles: []
previous-article: null
tags: ['business', 'why']
video-link: 
video-caption: 
---

## Problem
Is your company spending a lot of money acquiring, processing and analysing large sets of data, yet is not able to generate  insights needed to drive business decisions? You are not alone! According to a Bain & Company survey, 59% of companies struggle to generate meaningful business insights from their data. Annually, $ 18,9 billion is spent on unnecessarily aggregated market insights. The root of the problem lies in the divide between the business leaders requiring insights and the people tasked with stewardship of data. 

## SeMI Approach
SeMI offers solutions to help you find the insights you need by bridging this divide. SeMI allows you to tackle the data problem by starting from the business perspective: which business decisions need data-driven insights? What are the key questions you want answers to? 

We help you discover and develop your key business questions in our [exploration workshop](http://dev.semi.network/knowledge-base/Getting-started-with-SeMI/exploration-workshops.html). In this workshop we introduce you to SeMI and develop your custom use cases.  

## SeMI - Semantic Machine Insights
SeMI is a decentralized knowledge network, that enables cross-company data collaboration without sharing system-of-record data. Our product offering enables you to enrich your market and customer understanding through the exchange of valuable insights generated by the entire network, whilst maintaining complete control of your data

## SeMI products

- **SeMI-I**: Generate meaningful market insights for your own use cases based on your company’s internally generated and/or externally acquired data.

- **SeMI-You** Monetize your data on SeMI’s decentralised, secure and <abbr title="The General Data Protection Regulation is the upcoming EU regulation protecting the data privacy and security of EU citizens.">GDPR</abbr> proof platform through the exchange of valuable&#8201;—&#8201;but privacy insensitive&#8201;—&#8201;metadata

- **SeMI-Our**: Enrich enrich your market and customer insights by combining valuable your insights with those of other companies on the network.


## More information?
If you have any additional questions please do not hesitate to get in touch:

Micha Verhagen, Business Lead
[micha@semi.network](mailto:micha@semi.network)

Commit message:

gh-78: updated the management brief

knowledge-base/Getting started with SeMI/management-brief.md, after:

---
layout: article
title: Management brief
description: Why is SeMI a great tool to enrich your current business offerings? In this primer you will learn why SeMI is so valuable for your business.
topic: Getting started with SeMI
author: MV
relating-articles: []
previous-article: null
tags: ['business', 'why']
video-link: 
video-caption: 
---

## Problem
Is your company spending a lot of money acquiring, processing and analysing large sets of data, yet is not able to generate insights needed to drive business decisions? You are not alone! According to a Bain & Company survey, 59% of companies struggle to generate meaningful business insights from their data. Annually, $ 18,9 billion is spent on unnecessarily aggregated market insights. 

## SeMI - Semantic Machine Insights

SeMI allows you to tackle the data problem by taking a radically different approach from current solutions such as data lakes: the power of SeMI lies in the ability to connect multiple systems and sources of information **without the need for a common structuration** of the information. Different systems and sources do not need to know about each other’s dataset and the way that the information is stored. 

SeMI is a decentralized semantic knowledge network that enables cross-company data collaboration without sharing system-of-record data. Our product offering enables you to enrich your market and customer understanding through the exchange of valuable insights generated by the entire network

SeMI focuses on hyper-organized information, also known as "Knowledge graphs". SeMI enables companies to refine their data into knowledge graphs stored in [Weaviate](http://dev.semi.network/knowledge-base/INSERT_LINK.html): a decentralised Semantic Knowledge Graph that is at the heart of SeMI. 

## Start with the business questions

SeMI starts from the business perspective: which business decisions need data-driven insights? What are the key questions you want answers to? We help you discover and develop your key business questions in our [exploration workshop](http://dev.semi.network/knowledge-base/INSERT_LINK.html). In this workshop we introduce you to SeMI and develop your custom use cases.

## SeMI products

- **SeMI Local**: Generate meaningful market insights based on your company’s data. 
*SeMI Local* allows you to uncover hidden connections between different sources of information within your company. Combining several sources using SeMI dramatically enhances the quality of your knowledge gained. 

- **SeMI World**: exponentially enrich your insights on the SeMI network. *SeMI World* enables you to exponentially enrich enrich your market and customer insights by connecting you to other members of the network. We connect you to (potentially multiple) SeMI netwerk(s) most suitable for your needs. 

For more information about the SeMI products, please refer to our 
[product page](http://dev.semi.network/knowledge-base/INSERT_LINK.html)

## Your data is safe

You stay in complete control of your own information: raw data is never shared! SeMI focuses on the things that the raw data portrays and links that information together to create a graph of knowledge that can be consulted by consumers of the network.

SeMI is decentralized, which means there is no central platform. SeMI runs on your own servers or in your own cloud. For more information on this topic, please refer to our [legal brief](http://dev.semi.network/knowledge-base/INSERT_LINK.html).



## More information?
If you have any additional questions please do not hesitate to get in touch:

Micha Verhagen, Business Development Lead
[micha@semi.network](mailto:micha@semi.network)
