---
layout: article
title: Management brief
description: Why is SeMI a great tool to enrich your current business offerings? In this primer you will learn why SeMI is so valuable for your business.
topic: primers
author: MV
relating-articles: []
previous-article: null
tags: ['business', 'why']
---

## Problem
Is your company spending a lot of money acquiring, processing and analysing large sets of data, yet is not able to generate  insights needed to drive business decisions? You are not alone! According to a Bain & Company survey, 59% of companies struggle to generate meaningful business insights from their data. Annually, $ 18,9 billion is spent on unnecessarily aggregated market insights. The root of the problem lies in the divide between the business leaders requiring insights and the people tasked with stewardship of data. 

## SeMI Approach
SeMI offers solutions to help you find the insights you need by bridging this divide. SeMI allows you to tackle the data problem by starting from the business perspective: which business decisions need data-driven insights? What are the key questions you want answers to? 

We help you discover and develop your key business questions in our [exploration workshop](http://dev.semi.network/knowledge-base/primers/exploration-workshops.html). In this workshop we introduce you to SeMI and develop your custom use cases.  

## SeMI - Semantic Machine Insights
SeMI is a decentralized knowledge network, that enables cross-company data collaboration without sharing system-of-record data. Our product offering enables you to enrich your market and customer understanding through the exchange of valuable insights generated by the entire network, whilst maintaining complete control of your data

## SeMI products

- **SeMI-I**: Generate meaningful market insights for your own use cases based on your company's internally generated and/or externally acquired data.

- **SeMI-You** Monetize your data on SeMI's decentralised, secure and GDPR proof platform through the exchange of valuable — but privacy insensitive — metadata

- **SeMI-Our**: Enrich enrich your market and customer insights by combining valuable your insights with those of other companies on the network.


## More information?
If you have any additional questions please do not hesitate to get in touch:<br>
Micha Verhagen, Business Lead
micha@semi.network
